I want to congratulate you on being a
person that's always looking for the
cutting edge for you to be exposed to
what we're doing here at Ostia strong
you literally are on the cutting edge of
the best technologies to change the
human body in the shortest period of
time I just wanted to say to you that as
you join the Oster's strong hair you've
gotten involved in this you have got
yourself exposed to one of the greatest
tools that I've ever seen in my life I'm
involved with a company because my
wife's age and I have done this for five
years and my wife normally would not
exercise consistently with anything but
she's totally addicted because with
Oscar strong you're talking about 60
seconds of real exercise in a week
there's four machines it's about 15
minutes of actual exertion and so you
got a minute of exercise a week and yet
you keep getting stronger and stronger
so you have an opportunity to do
something no one else has done which is
have the right dosage the minimum amount
of exercise so the max amount of growth
you're gonna use the enormous force but
not put yourself in any form of danger
cuz you're not lifting a 500-pound
weight we're using the power of these
computers to monitor and you give you
this progress in releasing what will
allow you to have strong bones and more
importantly equally importantly the kind
of fitness agility and strength and
energy that you really want because when
the bones are strong the muscles that
attach are stronger everything comes
from what we start here at Ostia strong